docs(examples): list Open SWE in examples and root README (#3408)
langchain-ai/deepagents: examples/README.md

  Agents, patterns, and applications you can build with Deep Agents.
</p>

### Featured: Open SWE

[**Open SWE**](https://github.com/langchain-ai/open-swe) is a flagship example of an open-source, async coding agent for your org's internal workflows. We use it heavily! It's composed on `create_deep_agent`, runs each task in an isolated cloud sandbox, integrates with Slack, Linear, and GitHub, and ships PRs end-to-end. Open SWE lives in its own repo so it can move quickly and stay deployable as a standalone product.

Read more:

- [Open SWE: An Open-Source Framework for Internal Coding Agents](https://blog.langchain.com/open-swe-an-open-source-framework-for-internal-coding-agents/) — the current architecture and how it composes on Deep Agents

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  Agents, patterns, and applications you can build with Deep Agents.
</p>

### Featured: Open SWE

[**Open SWE**](https://github.com/langchain-ai/open-swe) is a flagship example of an open-source, async coding agent for your org's internal workflows. We use it heavily! It's composed on `create_deep_agent`, runs each task in an isolated cloud sandbox, integrates with Slack, Linear, and GitHub, and ships PRs end-to-end. Open SWE lives in its own repo so it can move quickly and stay deployable as a standalone product.

Read more:

- [Open SWE: An Open-Source Framework for Internal Coding Agents](https://blog.langchain.com/open-swe-an-open-source-framework-for-internal-coding-agents/) — the current architecture and how it composes on Deep Agents

> ### More examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  Agents, patterns, and applications you can build with Deep Agents.
</p>

### Featured: Open SWE

> [**Open SWE**](https://github.com/langchain-ai/open-swe) is the flagship Deep Agents example — an open-source, async coding agent for your org's internal workflows. It's composed on `create_deep_agent`, runs each task in an isolated cloud sandbox, integrates with Slack, Linear, and GitHub, and ships PRs end-to-end. Open SWE lives in its own repo so it can move quickly and stay deployable as a standalone product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Open SWE**](https://github.com/langchain-ai/open-swe) is a flagship example of an open-source, async coding agent for your org's internal workflows. We use it heavily! It's composed on `create_deep_agent`, runs each task in an isolated cloud sandbox, integrates with Slack, Linear, and GitHub, and ships PRs end-to-end. Open SWE lives in its own repo so it can move quickly and stay deployable as a standalone product.
```

Read more:

- [Open SWE: An Open-Source Framework for Internal Coding Agents](https://blog.langchain.com/open-swe-an-open-source-framework-for-internal-coding-agents/) — the current architecture and how it composes on Deep Agents

> - [Introducing Open SWE: An Open-Source Asynchronous Coding Agent](https://blog.langchain.com/introducing-open-swe-an-open-source-asynchronous-coding-agent/) — original launch post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
